feat: add `reroute` hook (#11537)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/30-advanced/20-hooks.md

'Hooks' are app-wide functions you declare that SvelteKit will call in response to specific events, giving you fine-grained control over the framework's behaviour.

There are three hooks files, all optional:

- `src/hooks.server.js` — your app's server hooks
- `src/hooks.client.js` — your app's client hooks

> - `src/hooks.js` — your app's isomorphic hooks

Reviewer: perhaps we should avoid using the term isomorphic here as not everyone would know what it means. I think it's fine that we use it below since we define it there
```suggestion
- `src/hooks.js` — your app's hooks that run on both the client and server
```

alternatively we could link to that section like "your app's [isomorphic hooks](#isomorphic-hooks)", but I think it's easier to just avoid the issue

> Code in the client & server modules will run when the application starts up, making them useful for initializing database clients and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code in the client and server modules will run when the application starts up, making them useful for initializing database clients and so on.
```

Reviewer: Why does it apply to the client and server files, but not the isomorphic file? I think it'd be a bit more consistent if it applied to all

> Make sure that `handleError` _never_ throws an error

## Universal hooks

> The following can be added to `src/hooks.js`. Universal hooks share the same implementation on the server and the client. This is not to be confused with shared hooks, which use separate implementations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following can be added to `src/hooks.js`. Universal hooks run on both server and client (not to be confused with shared hooks, are environment-specific). 
```

Reviewer 3: > (not to be confused with shared hooks, are environment-specific).
should be
> (not to be confused with shared hooks, which are environment-specific).
maybe?

Reviewer 2: good catch, edited the suggestion

### rewriteUrl

This function allows you to rewrite URLs before SvelteKit uses them to determine which route to render. It will not change the URL in the browser's address bar, or the value of `event.url`. Only the route matching logic is affected.

```js
/// file: src/hooks.router.js
// @errors: 2345
// @errors: 2304

/** @type {Record<string, string>} */
const mapping = {
	"/en/about": "/en/about",
	"/de/ueber-uns": "/de/about",
	"/fr/a-propos": "/fr/about",
}

/** @type {import('@sveltejs/kit').RewriteUrl} */
export function rewriteUrl({ url }) {
	url.pathname = mapping[url.pathname] ?? url.pathname;
	return url;
}
```

> > `rewriteUrl` is not applied recursively

Reviewer: it took me a moment to understand what was meant by "recursively" as I was thinking maybe it was referring to deeper paths or something
```suggestion
> `rewriteUrl` is not applied to the returned URL
```

> Make sure that `handleError` _never_ throws an error

## Universal hooks

The following can be added to `src/hooks.js`. Universal hooks run on both server and client (not to be confused with shared hooks, which are environment-specific). 

### reroute

> This function allows you to change which route get's rendered. By returning a different path from it, that new path will be used to determine the route that needs to be rendered. It will not change the URL in the browser's address bar, or the value of `event.url`. Only the route matching logic is affected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function allows you to change how URLs are translated into routes. The returned pathname (which defaults to `url.pathname`) is used to select the route and its parameters.

For example, you might have a `src/routes/[[lang]]/about/+page.svelte` page, which should be accessible as `/en/about` or `/de/ueber-uns` or `/fr/a-propos`. You could implement this with `reroute`:
```

```js
/// file: src/hooks.router.js
// @errors: 2345
// @errors: 2304

/** @type {Record<string, string>} */

> const mapping = {
> 	"/en/about": "/en/about",
> 	"/de/ueber-uns": "/de/about",
> 	"/fr/a-propos": "/fr/about",
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const translated = {
	'/en/about': '/en/about',
	'/de/ueber-uns': '/de/about',
	'/fr/a-propos': '/fr/about',
};
```

/** @type {import('@sveltejs/kit').Reroute} */
export function reroute({ url }) {
	if(url.pathname in mapping) {
		return mapping[url.pathname];
	}
}
```

> > `rewriteUrl` is not applied to the returned URL

Reviewer 2: The `lang` parameter will be correctly derived from the returned pathname.

Using `reroute` will _not_ change the contents of the browser's address bar, or the value of `event.url`.
